README.md, before:

# AdminUI Installer

[![Latest Version on Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/adminui/adminui-installer.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/adminui/adminui-installer)

This is where your description should go. Try and limit it to a paragraph or two, and maybe throw in a mention of what PSRs you support to avoid any confusion with users and contributors.

## Installation

You can install the package via composer:

```bash
composer require adminui/adminui-installer
```

For full installation documentation, see [adminui.co.uk](https://adminui.co.uk)

### Changelog

Please see [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for more information what has changed recently.

### Issues

General issues can be reported at the [AdminUI GitHub issue tracker](https://github.com/AdminUI/adminui-installer/issues)

### Security

If you discover any security related issues, please email k.turner@dsmdesign.co.uk instead of using the issue tracker.

## Credits

-   [DSM Design Ltd](https://github.com/adminui)

## License

Modified MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.

Commit message:

First draft of complete package

README.md, after:

# AdminUI Installer

[![Latest Version on Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/adminui/adminui-installer.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/adminui/adminui-installer)

Installation package for the AdminUI Ecommerce and CMS platform for Laravel.

Licence key required

## Installation

You can install the package via composer:

```bash
composer require adminui/adminui-installer
```

For full installation documentation, see [adminui.co.uk](https://adminui.co.uk)

### Changelog

Please see [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for more information what has changed recently.

### Issues

General issues can be reported at the [AdminUI GitHub issue tracker](https://github.com/AdminUI/adminui-installer/issues)

### Security

If you discover any security related issues, please email k.turner@dsmdesign.co.uk instead of using the issue tracker.

## Credits

-   [DSM Design Ltd](https://github.com/adminui)

## License

Modified MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.
